This file should contain all know fatal bugs in the Maria storage
engine for the last source or binary release.  Minor bugs, extensions
and feature request and bugs found since this release can be find in the
MySQL bugs databases at: http://bugs.mysql.com/ (category "Maria
storage engine").

There shouldn't normally be any bugs that affects normal operations in
any Maria release.  Still, there are always exceptions and edge cases
and that's what this file is for.

For the first few Alpha releases of Maria there may be some edge cases
that crashes during recovery; We don't like that but we think it's
better to get the Maria alpha out early to get things tested and get
more developers on the code early than wait until these are fixed.  We
do however think that the bugs are not seriously enough to stop anyone
from starting to test and even use Maria for real (as long as they are
prepared to upgrade to next MySQL-Maria release ASAP).

If you have found a bug that is not listed here, please add it to
http://bugs.mysql.com/ so that we can either fix it for next release
or in the worst case add it here for others to know!


Known bugs that we are working on and will be fixed shortly
===========================================================

- We have some instabilities in log writing that is under investigatation
  This causes mainly assert to triggers in the code and sometimes
  the log handler doesn't start up after restart.
  Most of this should now be fixed...

Known bugs that are planned to be fixed before Gamma/RC
=======================================================

- If we get a write failure on disk (disk full or disk error) for the
  log, we should stop all usage of transactional tables and mark all
  transactional tables that are changed as crashed.
  For the moment, if this happens, you have to take down mysqld,
  remove all logs, restart mysqld and repair your tables.

  If you get the related error:
  "Disk is full writing '/usr/local/mysql/var/maria_log.????????' (Errcode: 28)
   Waiting for someone to free space..."
  you should either free disk space, in which Maria will continue as before
  or kill mysqld, remove logs and repair tables.


Known bugs that are planned to be fixed later
=============================================

LOCK TABLES .. WRITE CONCURRENT is mainly done for testing MVCC.  Don't
use this in production.  Things that is not working if you are using
this on a table:

- INSERT/REPLACE ... SELECT on an empty table may cause crashes or
  wrong results if someone else is doing writes on the table during repair
  or someone is doing selects during the repair index phase.

INSERT ... SELECT and REPLACE ... SELECT are blocking inserts and 
SELECT for the table.

Missing features that is planned to fix before Beta
===================================================

Features planned for future releases
====================================

http://forge.mysql.com/worklog/
(you can enter "maria" in the "quick search" field there).
